NMS-14825: Remove UI Preview references in docs (#5447)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/admin/scv-configuration.adoc

[[scv-overview]]
= Secure Credentials Vault

The secure credentials vault (SCV) lets you encrypt credentials used by {page-component-title}.

> It uses Java KeyStore (JKS) to store credentials in the JKS format.

Reviewer: I don't fully understand this technology, but wonder if writing it like this is still accurate. The current sentence seems redundant, a bit like saying "It uses the Portable Document Format to store files in PDF format." Chandra would be able to confirm, though.

```suggestion
It stores credentials in the Java KeyStore (JKS) format.
```

Author: I'm not sure either. I can send this PR to him for review.

Reviewer 2: Your suggestion is good.

The SCV is enabled by default.

== Configure SCV password

A custom SCV password is defined by the `org.opennms.features.scv.jceks.key` property in `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/opennms.properties.d/svc.properties`.
The SCV keystore file is located at `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/scv.jce`.

> IMPORTANT: The SCV password cannot be changed once credentials have been stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: You cannot change the SCV password once credentials have been stored.
```

> `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/scv.jce` must be deleted and any credentials manually re-added if you want to change the password after the file has been created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must delete `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/scv.jce` and manually re-add any credentials if you want to change the password after the file has been created.
```
To avoid passive voice, and also not start the sentence with a file name path.
